all right so the radiators been
installed and there's a couple things
I'll let you know that I came across
first of all the old radiator go over to
it over here the stock I believe it was
stock appears to be very straight the
boxes bandits been rained on but you can
see going across or maybe you can't see
I can definitely see it that that the
original radiator is supposed to be
straight so when you go to pick up a
radiator if it's bowed you may want to
try to look at least one other and make
a decision from there the I was able to
get our get this radiator to work but I
don't know if you can quite see it but
in here the radiator being bowed doesn't
sit flush against the plastic here and
there's a clip supposed to support in
here this clip right here this is
supposed to offer support and so that
clip isn't going to be able to go back
on while I'm thinking about it I always
had trouble with these electrical
harnesses and so I'm just going to show
you I mean between them getting old and
cracking on me and lack of patience or
me trying to figure out which part
separates from the other I have a
difficult time so I'm going to show you
real quick this particular one has an
insert and inserts like that and of
course to pull it back out you're simply
pull slide it back out that way and then
the rest of this clip is pretty this
fitting is pretty straightforward you
just pried this part here
back and then pull up and probably a
flathead screwdriver would be helpful in
that case one thing you want to make
sure in order to get to make sure your
radiator will operate correctly is that
your overflow line is able to have
suction to your overflow container if it
doesn't if it's not able to create
suction what will happen is if it runs
low or is low and your radiator it's not
going to be able to fill up the radiator
so you want to make absolutely certain
that this overflow tube is able to
create suction and it seemed to me one
way you can tell on this particular
overflow container is it appears that
the way it's designed that this this
part I don't know if you can see here
this part here is not connected to this
container straight across connects at
the very bottom and so it pulls it up if
you mind is not particularly clear but
if if you can get yours clear enough to
where you can see your antifreeze in
there this being all the way solid and
this in the body of it being lower that
would seem to me a good indication that
it's creating suction and working
properly
another thing I did run across when I
put this together inside the air box the
computer it seemed very difficult for me
to put together first of all I just
didn't pay that close attention to it so
make sure when you put it back together
or take it apart in the first place you
put
pay close attention to how it goes back
in there it'll make it easier for you
and again this box
once you get to this point it just pops
right up and it pops loose
it looks like it's plastic inserts
inside rubber fittings so you but you
got to push it straight up in order to
get it out
also the seal there's rubber seals
around the computer now this car is
about 11 years old and the seals on it
have shrunk and just don't fit on there
ideally and so what I did in order to
fit on an ideally the way it's set up it
actually goes around the female portion
of the insert on the computer but it
just it wouldn't work that way so what I
ended up doing in it and it's I don't
know hopefully it will keep it from
getting wet prevent it from getting wet
that's the whole function of it is I
just took the rubber seals around the
computer and instead of going where it's
seated you can see on the female side of
it I just wrapped it around the male
portion and then inserted or made the
connection between the two and hopefully
that that will work too to seal it good
enough where it doesn't get wet and
that's all I can think of just try to
get a straight radiator if you can if
not it it could very well work mine was
about a quarter-inch off so as long as
it's within a quarter inch range it'll
work or should work and that's it good
luck